add docs for additionalManifest field for RKE2/K3s cluster (#1063)
rancher/rancher-docs: docs/reference-guides/cluster-configuration/rancher-server-configuration/rke2-cluster-configuration.md

```
</details>

### additionalManifest

> Specify the addition manifest(s) to be delivered to the control plane nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specify additional manifests to deliver to the control plane nodes. 
```

The value is a String, and will be placed at the path `/var/lib/rancher/rke2/server/manifests/rancher/addons.yaml` on target nodes.

Example:

```yaml
additionalManifest: |-
  apiVersion: v1
  kind: Namespace
  metadata:
    name: name-xxxx
```

:::note

> It is discouraged to provide HelmChartConfig for customizing the system charts via `additionalManifest`,
> it could cause unexpected behavior due to how multiple HelmChartConfig for the same chart being handled.
> 
> The recommended approach is to utilize the `chartValues` field which is explained below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to customize system charts, you should use the `chartValues` field as described below.

Alternatives, such as using a HelmChartConfig to customize the system charts via `additionalManifest`, can cause unexpected behavior, due to having multiple HelmChartConfigs for the same chart.
```
